ClientPlan.MD, before:

# Plan for Sam's Client Work


5. Get client schedule (where is this needed?)
    * can it be a different get route route for that view only
10. Requiring inputs <--------------------
12. Need to figure out how to display route NAME on confirm page/details page
15. Phone formatting <--------
17. Have image still be there on back from confirm page?

19.  Need real photos on edit page
20. Add flag to form for new and actually add route for both
21. add photo? for what?
24. need to add clear client to client details
27. back in add client form???
28. font size titles add client form
29. add sweet alerts for deletes
30. edit dog details (add flag)
32. need to add dog notes to dog object
33. client schedule changes form 
34. conditional rendering for flag?
35. still having funky stuff happen moving through client views
36. add form remove extra dog added accidnetally?

22. client search 
23. admin note
11. Fix image sizing issue
18. Where dpes schedule changes go? <---- yani?



# Done
1. Client get route with dogs
2. Displays on table
3. Lots!

Commit message:

started on adding the flag to add dog form but it is too big for current modal layout

ClientPlan.MD, after:

# Plan for Sam's Client Work


5. Get client schedule (where is this needed?)
    * can it be a different get route route for that view only
10. Requiring inputs <--------------------
    * need to add alert but functionality is done
12. Need to figure out how to display route NAME on confirm page/details page
15. Phone formatting <--------
17. Have image still be there on back from confirm page?

19.  Need real photos on edit page
20. Add flag to form for new and actually add route for both
21. add photo? for what?
24. need to add clear client to client details
27. back in add client form???
28. font size titles add client form
29. add sweet alerts for deletes
33. client schedule changes form 
35. still having funky stuff happen moving through client views
36. add form remove extra dog added accidnetally?

22. client search 
23. admin note
11. Fix image sizing issue
18. Where dpes schedule changes go? <---- yani?



# Done
1. Client get route with dogs
2. Displays on table
3. Lots!
